You can view my whole solution notebook for this exercise,
but I'll walk you through a piece of it.
You can see that I added some columns to my original data frame.
I created this max_prob column,
which takes the max of either brain bleed probability,
or aortic dissection probability.
I then reordered my data frame according to this max_prob.
So the images with larger probabilities were put to the top of the queue.
Next, I created a time to read prioritized column,
that was simply values incremented by six minutes per row.
This is the new reading time based on the reordered queue.
Finally, I calculated a timedelta column.
This is time to read minus time to read prioritized,
so that I could get a sense of how much time was saved from the original order.
Here I'm showing all of the scans,
where at least 30 minutes were saved on head CTs.